Elephants are the only animals that can't jump.
The sun is approximately 93 million miles away from Earth.
The Eiffel Tower can grow 6 inches in summer due to metal expansion.
Light travels at 299,792,458 meters per second in a vacuum.

Cats Facts

After humans, mountain lions have the largest range of any mammal in the Western Hemisphere.
Cats can jump up to 7 times their tail length.
In multi-cat households, cats of the opposite sex usually get along better.
A cat's normal pulse is 140-240 beats per minute, with an average of 195.
The cat appears to be the only domestic companion animal not mentioned in the Bible.
A female cat is called a queen or a molly.
Cats often overract to unexpected stimuli because of their extremely sensitive nervous system.
A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
The cat's footpads absorb the shocks of the landing when the cat jumps.
A cats field of vision is about 185 degrees.
A cat's normal pulse is 140-240 beats per minute, with an average of 195.
On average, a cat will sleep for 16 hours a day.
Cats see six times better in the dark and at night than humans.
Ginger tabby cats can have freckles around their mouths and on their eyelids!
Most cats adore sardines.
The cat has 500 skeletal muscles (humans have 650).
Jaguars are the only big cats that don't roar.
In an average year, cat owners in the United States spend over $2 billion on cat food.
After humans, mountain lions have the largest range of any mammal in the Western Hemisphere.
The first cat show was in 1871 at the Crystal Palace in London.
Approximately 24 cat skins can make a coat.
Tigers are excellent swimmers and do not avoid water.
Blue-eyed, white cats are often prone to deafness.
A cat can jump 5 times as high as it is tall.
There are approximately 100 breeds of cat.
A queen (female cat) can begin mating when she is between 5 and 9 months old.
A cat's nose is as unique as a human's fingerprint.
The cat appears to be the only domestic companion animal not mentioned in the Bible.
Cats step with both left legs, then both right legs when they walk or run.
Cats purr at the same frequency as an idling diesel engine, about 26 cycles per second.
The first cat show was in 1871 at the Crystal Palace in London.
Cats purr at the same frequency as an idling diesel engine, about 26 cycles per second.
Tigers are excellent swimmers and do not avoid water.
If they have ample water, cats can tolerate temperatures up to 133 °F.
A cat's normal pulse is 140-240 beats per minute, with an average of 195.
If your cat snores, or rolls over on his back to expose his belly, it means he trusts you.
The first cat show was organized in 1871 in London. Cat shows later became a worldwide craze.
 A cat only has the ability to move their jaw up and down, not side to side like a human can.
The first cat show was in 1871 at the Crystal Palace in London.
A female cat can be referred to as a molly or a queen, and a male cat is often labeled as a tom.
It has been scientifically proven that stroking a cat can lower one's blood pressure.
When a cat drinks, its tongue - which has tiny barbs on it - scoops the liquid up backwards.
An adult lion's roar can be heard up to five miles (eight kilometers) away.
A cat can jump 5 times as high as it is tall.
The Maine Coon is 4 to 5 times larger than the Singapura, the smallest breed of cat.
Cats walk on their toes.
In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
Cats can judge within 3 inches the precise location of a sound being made 1 yard away.
Blue-eyed, pure white cats are frequently deaf.
Tabby cats are thought to get their name from Attab, a district in Baghdad, now the capital of Iraq.
A female cat is called a queen or a molly.
While many cats enjoy milk, it will give some cats diarrhea.
There are up to 60 million feral cats in the United States alone.
Florence Nightingale owned more than 60 cats in her lifetime.
The cat appears to be the only domestic companion animal not mentioned in the Bible.
Cats control the outer ear using 32 muscles; humans use 6
Cats respond most readily to names that end in an \ee\" sound."""
A form of AIDS exists in cats.
A 2007 Gallup poll revealed that both men and women were equally likely to own a cat.
A cat's nose is as unique as a human's fingerprint.
In the 1750s, Europeans introduced cats into the Americas to control pests.
The richest cat is Blackie who was left £15 million by his owner, Ben Rea.
A group of cats is called a clowder.
The first cat show was in 1871 at the Crystal Palace in London.
In relation to their body size, cats have the largest eyes of any mammal.
There are more than 500 million domestic cats in the world, with approximately 40 recognized breeds.
The ancestor of all domestic cats is the African Wild Cat which still exists today.
